Document release process in RELEASE.md (#3099)
BetterThanTomorrow/calva: docs/RELEASE.md

hint: Updates were rejected because the tip of your current branch is behind
hint: its remote counterpart. Integrate the remote changes (e.g.
hint: 'git pull ...') before pushing again.
```

This happens when `dev` has new commits since the release was tagged. Resolve it manually:

```bash
git checkout dev
git pull
git merge origin/published --no-ff -m "Merge branch published into dev [skip ci]"
git push
```

### Publish Script Aborts Due to Git Status

If the publish script reports git status issues, you'll see messages like:

- `:not-on-dev` - You're not on the `dev` branch
- `:not-up-to-date` - Your local branch is behind remote
- `:branch-not-clean` - You have uncommitted changes

Resolve the specific issue and run the script again.

### Empty Unreleased Changelog

If the changelog has no unreleased changes, the script will ask if you want to release anyway. Answering `YES` will:

- Skip the changelog update
- Create a tag and push (useful for re-releasing after a failed CI run)

## Pre-releases

Pre-releases are useful for testing changes before a stable release. To create a pre-release:

1. Manually edit `package.json` to add a suffix to the version (e.g., `2.0.561-rc1`)

> 2. Run the publish script

Author: @PEZ Is this correction by Copilot correct? I'm not familiar with the rc release process.

> 2. Run the publish script

Reviewer: Ha! I was reading the description above about the release process and started to wonder if it was really correct about pre-releases. I don't think the reviewer Copilot is correct either. Pre-releases is something we create for all branches... Not something we explicitly run something to release...

> 2. Run the publish script

Author: Should I remove the section about re-releases, at least for now?

> 2. Run the publish script

Author: Or rather *remove all info about pre-releases?

> 2. Run the publish script

Reviewer: Removing the info would work. But I am thinking that the document may be good for agents to have when helping with the pipeline, and then it is good that it covers things that the LLM will start wondering about when reading the CI config. It could be worth using several agents for the task. See my comment on the PR.

Pre-releases:

- Are published only to GitHub Releases (not marketplaces)
- Do not trigger the `merge-dev-into-published` or `bump-dev-version` jobs
- Allow early adopters to test via `.vsix` download from GitHub

## CI Workflow Details

### release-publish Workflow

Triggered by version tags (`v*`). Jobs run in this order:

1. **checkout** - Clone repository
2. **build** - Build the extension
3. **Tests** (parallel): prettier-check, eslint-check, test-grammar, test-cljslib, test-integration, test-e2e, test-e2e-sub-projects, test-ts-unit
4. **github-release** - Create GitHub release with `.vsix` artifact
5. **marketplace-publish** - Publish to VS Code Marketplace (stable only)
6. **open-vsx-publish** - Publish to Open VSX (stable only)
7. **merge-dev-into-published** - Merge `dev` branch into `published` (stable only)
8. **bump-dev-version** - Increment patch version on `dev` (stable only)

### calva-io-build Workflow

Triggered by pushes to `published` branch:

1. **deploy-docs** - Deploy documentation to calva.io
2. **merge-published-into-dev** - Merge `published` back into `dev`

## Branch Strategy

- **dev**: Main development branch. All feature branches merge here.

> - **published**: Reflects the latest stable release. Updated automatically after stable releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **published**: Reflects the lates released version. Updated automatically after a release.
```
